chore: check for non-labeled issues (#32707)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/development/issue-labeling.md

</details>

Apply the `self-hosted` label when an issue is applicable only to users who self-administer their own bot.

> ## Automated label report
> 
> We have a GitHub Action that checks if we're using the correct labels on our issues.
> 
> The action runs once a week and checks for issues without the proper labels.
> 
> If the action finds any issues missing labels, it creates a new issue with the missing labels and details the issues found so any collaborator can label them accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Automated check for Issues with missing labels

We have a GitHub Action (`find-issues-with-missing labels.yml`) to find issues on our repository that are missing labels.
Any Issues with missing labels will be put in a list in a new "error" Issue.

The Action runs each week.

### Apply the correct labels manually

The Action will not fix any badly labeled issues.
This means that you, or we, must apply the correct labels to any affected Issue.
```

</details>

Apply the `self-hosted` label when an issue is applicable only to users who self-administer their own bot.

## Automated check for Issues with missing labels

We have a GitHub Action (`find-issues-with-missing-labels.yml`) to find issues on our repository that are missing labels.
Any Issues with missing labels will be put in a list in a new "error" Issue.

The Action runs each week.

### Apply the correct labels manually

> The Action will not fix any badly labeled issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Action will _not_ fix any badly labeled issues.
```

Let's emphasize the key point here.
